
### About MWFSlideNavigationViewController

MWFSlideNavigationViewController is a container view controller that manages primary and secondary view controller. Primary view controller is the root view controller initialized with the controller. While the secondary controller's view is 'hidden' beneath the primary/root, It's revealed by sliding the primary/root view in one of the 4 directions supported (up, left, down, right). 

It works similar to the Facebook iPhone app, a menu view is revealed when user taps on the menu button. Or in the Piggie app, shortcut buttons view is revealed when user taps the lightning button.

---
### Licensing

MWFSlideNavigationViewController is licensed under MIT License
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

---
### How to use

Read the <a href="http://meiwinfu.com/2012/01/28/os1/">blog post</a> for quick overview.
Sample codes are provided in the Demo folder inside the project.

#### Basic Usage

* Initialize the controller with your root controller.

  ```objective-c
  MWFSlideNavigationViewController * ctl = [[MWFSlideNavigationViewController alloc] initWithRootViewController:yourRootViewController];`
  ```

* Assign delegate and dataSource

  ```objective-c
  // in your root view controller
  - (void) viewDidLoad 
  {
     [super viewDidLoad];
     self.slideNavigationViewController.delegate = self;
     self.slideNavigationViewController.dataSource = self;
  }
  ```

* Trigger the slide animation, e.g. revealing menu on the left (will perform slide animation with right direction)

  ```objective-c
  // your action method, e.g. in your root view controller
  - (IBAction) showMenu:(id)sender
  {
     [self.slideNavigationViewController slideWithDirection:MWFSlideDirectionRight];
  }
  ```

* Slide the primary/root view back to conceal the secondary view.

  ```objective-c
  // your action method, e.g. in your root view controller
  - (IBAction) closeMenu:(id)sender
  {
     [self.slideNavigationViewController slideWithDirection:MWFSlideDirectionNone];
  }
  ```

* Implementing Delegate

  ```objective-c
  - (NSInteger) slideNavigationViewController:(MWFSlideNavigationViewController *)controller 
                     distanceForSlideDirecton:(MWFSlideDirection)direction 
                          portraitOrientation:(BOOL)portraitOrientation
  {
    if (portraitOrientation)
    {
       return 180;
    }
    else
    {
       return 100;
    }
  }
  ```
  
* Implementing DataSource

  ```objective-c
  - (UIViewController *) slideNavigationViewController:(MWFSlideNavigationViewController *)controller 
                        viewControllerForSlideDirecton:(MWFSlideDirection)direction
  {
     YourMenuViewController * menuCtl = ...; // alloc and init your controller
     return menuCtl;
  }
  ```
  
* Enable sliding with pan/swipe gesture

  ```objective-c
     slideNavigationController.panEnabled = YES;
  ```
  
---
### Documentation

<a href="http://docs.blockthirty.com/MWFSlideNavigationViewController/index.html">Reference Documentation</a>

---
### AppleDoc Licensing

appledoc is licensed with modified BSD license. In plain language: you're allowed to do whatever you wish with the code, modify, redistribute, embed in your products (free or commercial), but you must include copyright, terms of usage and disclaimer as stated in the license, the same way as any other BSD licensed code. You can of course use documentation generated by appledoc for your products (free or commercial), but you must attribute appledoc either in documentation itself or other appropriate place such as your website.

If for whatever reason you cannot agree to these terms, contact us through contact form on our about page, we'll do our best to help you out you out and find a workable solution!

Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Gentle Bytes All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source, binary forms and generated documentation, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

Redistributions of documentation generated by appledoc must include attribution to appledoc, either in documentation itself or other appropriate media.

Neither the name of the appledoc, Gentle Bytes nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Gentle Bytes appledoc@gentlebytes.com
